Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.